 Demon Elves

The Demon Elves is a place away from 100 million light years away. This is a story that happened in the realm of multi-dimensional space. According to legend, there is a monster who can master witchcraft because he has a spell possession and occupy a different interface area. For this king, this king has a monster daughter who looks very ugly. He loves his daughter very much. When the daughter is about to marry, she likes a white scholar who is crazy, but this scholar does not like a princess who looks ashamed, but The scholar made three requirements. If the old king promised that he could marry the princess, the first one asked him to make his family's home gold for his parents to enjoy his old age. The second one asked him to teach him the same. With a spell, the third requirement is that he be a new heir to the king. The king loves his daughter too much. He hopes that his daughter will be happy all his life. He gritted his teeth and agreed to the scholar's request. After the princess and the scholar were married, The old king took the old queen to travel to other planets.

After returning three years later, the old king suddenly discovered that it was all the wealth and authority that he gave to the scholar, but his daughter was unkempt in the dungeon in the past three years. The new king did nothing to eat, drink, or play all day. The old king saw At this point, the scene was greatly stimulated, and the new king was stabbed to death, yet he did not relieve his hatred. A curse was placed in the blade of this stabbed scholar, and all humans greedy for wealth and rights will inevitably fail and end. Unsuccessful, since then the people on this planet ruled by monsters do not talk about life, whine!

No matter what the people want to do to earn their livelihood, they always fail. The curse is not broken day by day, and there is no tranquility. Until one day, the elven angel from the top of the light swims here and calculates thousands of hashes. Finally, this secret curse has been broken. From then on, people ’s songs and dances will be profitable for businessmen, investors will be able to make money, and the people will be at peace.

This story is based on legend. We ca n’t track whether it is true or not, but in the field of investment in the financial world, it always exists in the law of 28. Whether this is a magic spell or not, we do n’t know. Through the past few years, we have observed the project's network. , There are not a few running roads, and cutting leeks also happens from time to time. Isn't that the people in the curse are not talking about life, can't they be peaceful?

Demon Elves released from the dark web, the creator of the Demon Elves team from the gaming entity industry, hoping to go through the blockchain-based reform, and provide the community with a variety of blockchain smart contract applications The service, the ball snow team's initial intentions have been set, there is no market making, and no falsification, because the smart contract is the full implementation of supervision, here, the stars are bright ... Symbiosis and win-win situation.
